Qalendar Notes:

Users:
	Needs:
		id - user id number for internal use.
		some way of authentication. I think google auth. Working on it.

Items:
	Needs:
		title - Short name for the item
		desc - a longer description if desired
		date - the start time (or date) of the item
		user - the qalendar user ID
		task? - any Item marked as a task won't disappear automatically
	Optionals:
		endDate - the end time/date of the item
		amount - the cost of the item (if applicable)
	Questions:
		- Do we need to store whether its a date + time or just a daily thing? Maybe a "day?" flag?

Reminders:
	Needs:
		interval - amount of time before it creates a new task Item
		startDate - the original begin date of the task
		lastDate - the date the most recent Item was created
		lastCompleted - the date the most recent Item was marked as completed 
		enabled? - if a reminder is disabled, then it won't create new items
	Optionals:
		amount - money cost (e.g. car service cost)
		strict? - My idea is that all Items created by a reminder can be flexible. I could push them 
			off to a later day and it would show up then. But some tasks (like say a reminder to pay
			rent) should always remind you on the same day, even if last time you pushed it off for
			a bit. On the other hand, a reminder for something like cleaning a bathroom should take
			into account that you pushed it off and just count the interval from the time you complete
			the task. (There's no point in doubling up and cleaning your bathroom sooner next time 
			just because you were busy and didn't get to it.) A "strict" task would be at the same
			time each interval regardless of when you complete the task. A non-"strict" task would
			begin the interval
	Abilities:
		- Create Items according to interval and related settings. 



Ramblings
---------
How do we deal with how high/low priority something is? What about tasks I just want to make sure
that I "do sometime this week"? 

How do we deal with late Items that are marked as something that has to be "done" and marked off
as done? Is there actually a major difference?

What if I wanted to make a quick reminder for myself. Like I don't have time at the moment to do it
but I want to make sure that I remember to do it "by the end of the day". Should there be an option
for that? Should some of these options be user configurable? What if there was a set of reminder
templates, and users could create their own? 

How do Reminders create Items? Is this done server side? Client side? Server side but triggered by
a client side update on that user? (This last one probably makes the most sense)


